---
layout: post
title: Project Reflection Blog Post
---

When I first began my project, I had the intentions of evaluating the access to treatment of PTSD across the United States. Unfortunately but perhaps unsurprisingly, I realized that not only is access to care a major issue but treatment itself was not always effective. I think my project is just a small demonstration of some of the issues and it shows that there is a real need for some sort of additional support systems. 
I am proud of how my project turned out and I think I've layed the ground work for something more expansive and thorough. Though, there is still so much more to explore and I think working on the agent based model further can really serve as an effective demonstration of what kind of support systems might be effective. I wanted to explore further the impacts of state's insurance policies and qualification has on people. 
Of course I would like to do more in the way of geographic visualization of what kind of care is accessible to people and what effects expanding care could have on a county by county basis. Additionally, I would really like to explore the issue of treatment drop out further as I believe there is a lot of factors that contribute to the high drop out rate. I can speak from experience and say that treatment can and frequently does result in an acute increase of symptoms that have a profound effect on day to day living and my ability to maintain normal functioning.
I was, of course, unable to complete everything I se out to do at the beginning. Namely, I was unable to create all the visualizations I wanted to (at least not yet). As of December, I was only able to scrape the surface of the disparities that exist among certain populations and PTSD. 
Working on this project has taught me a lot. I think most notably, I learned how to use mesa to create an agent based model and in doing so I learned about the field of modeling and how much there is to learn about it. I came across quite a few different modeling projects that revolved around mental health treatment and I hope to learn much more about how I can apply modeling in my future projects. I also learned how to find the tools I need in python and what to do when the online documentation of a package is outdated. Mostly, I learned that there is much more to learn and so many opportunities to do so.
I think this experience has shored up my confidence in my abilities to understand and apply what I've learned in my classes and on my own. I have a deeper understanding of what it means to tackle these sorts of subjects using computing as a tool to both learn and explore information and subjects. I'll definitely be applying what I learned in future projects whether they are related to my future career or not.